GH#49000: Updating erroneous release note entry (#50650)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

* There is a known issue on Nutanix where persistent volumes (PVs) created by a cluster are not cleaned up by the  `destroy cluster` command. As a workaround for this issue, you need to clean up the PVs manually. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2108700[*BZ#2108700*])

> * There is currently a known issue when creating and editing `egressqos` with incorect syntax or values success. The incorrect values in `egressqos` should not be able to be created successfully. There is currently no workaround for this issue.

Reviewer: This isn't part of your changes but what do you think of this to get rid of the "should not be able to be"
```suggestion
* There is currently a known issue when creating and editing `egressqos` with incorect syntax or values success. The incorrect values in `egressqos` should not create successfully. There is currently no workaround for this issue.
```
Also, s/incorect/incorrect
